OKTA-459416 Custom Self-Service Pwd Recovery Guide for Java (#3292)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/guides/oie-embedded-sdk-use-case-custom-pwd-recovery-mfa/main/java/siwsummary.md

<div class="common-image-format">

> ![Sequence diagram showing all the steps in the custom password recovery flow using the embedded Sign-In Widget](/img/advanced-use-cases/java-custom-pwd-recovery-custom-siw-summary.png "Custom Password Recovery With Sign-In Widget Flow Diagram")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Sequence diagram that shows all the steps in the custom password recovery flow using the embedded Sign-In Widget](/img/advanced-use-cases/java-custom-pwd-recovery-custom-siw-summary.png "Custom password recovery with the Sign-In Widget Flow diagram")
```

Author: fixed
